### Evil AI

Welcome to Evil AI! You can see the actual deployment of the project at [greysmm.github.io/evil_ai](https://greysmm.github.io/evil_ai). I started this project because I was curious how viable it was to deploy an LLM without server-side assistance. I had initially attempted to run LLMs purely in the browser, but the results were unsurprisingly unsatisfactory. I then found the WebGPU framework, which essentially allows the browser access to the GPU of a device, meaning more compute power, basically. Sadly, using this for the LLM means a lot of browsers will not be able to run this particular project, but I decided that benefits were to essential in this case. Also, please do not try to run this on your mobile device, it will almost certainly not work. I tested that this was working for Chrome (NOT Incognito) and Firefox Nightly; other browsers may or may not work straight away, or you may have to toggle a setting for WebGPU and/or allocate more memory for caching.

So how does this actually work? Well, all this really does is download the weights of a (fairly large) pretrained model onto your browser and run it using your computer; in fact, after the download, you could conceivably run this without internet at all, so long as your browser did not clear the cache. Note that this is still in beta; I plan to add a few more features, most notably perhaps allowing you to speak inputs instead of typing them. I may also add more AI personas and give the user access to some of the model parameters. I should add a response character limit too...

Important assets: the src directory holds all of the code for the web page. Models are offsite, thankfully.